I think the hardest class I have ever taken in my entire college career.
Waas The general level math class. When I was a sophomore, I had
always struggled with math. I think I got through high school math mainly
through pity. Um, I definitely didn't have the skill set on guy
remember taking that general education math required? I think it was
like 1 10 B or something like that. And I struggled so hard in that
class and I had to pass it and that wonderful instructor that I had,
he was the best because he didn't just pass me out of pity or anything
like that. Like I saw that guy in his office hours pretty much
twice a week every week for an entire semester, and he worked with
me diligently. I will honestly say that I still didn't have a great
understanding of math when I left the class, but that was not due to
him and the lack of attempts to teach me he spent so much time with
me. I think that at that point, my brain was just not really in a
place to accept that information. So, um, it was no fault of his. But
I did manage to pass. I actually passed with a B minus. So that's
credit right there to him. Um and yeah, but that was probably when I
look back on just the class that I struggled with the most, that was
the class.